c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.exe
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.deps.json
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.dll
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.pdb
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.dll
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\listasEnlazadas.dll
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.pdb
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\listasEnlazadas\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\listasEnlazadas.dll
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.dll
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\listasEnlazadas.dll
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.pdb
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.exe
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.deps.json
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.dll
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\bin\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.pdb
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\listasEnlazadas.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\elihu\OneDrive\Escritorio\estructuras de datos\pilas\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\listasEnlazadas.dll
